well hello there peeps I know what
you're thinking this ain't Daisy well in
a recent interview from e3 2014 rocket
said the barricade system will be
similar to only XS game dead lingo which
is what this is and we have loads of
wood here piled up and a half-built
house so just to demonstrate something
similar to what will be implemented in
dayz later for barricading I thought I'd
show you this so all you have to do is
pick up a piece of wood with a hammer in
hand you can hold right mouse button to
rotate in the dead linger put the wood
at the position you would like or
left-click to hammer it in there you go
you can barricade the house so what you
could do is find a half-built house like
this and build on it and extend it how
you want and it looks like I've got some
visitors they want to see money building
doesn't look like that's gonna happen
guys think I'm a demo as well I ain't
got much left
rotate it hammer it in
hopefully they can't we can track
hopefully we can try and confuse them a
little bit oh shit
that looks lice is a bad idea they
climbing through the windows and
everything that's good job I can jump
out the windows
so we can also use this barricade in
system on the houses we've crossed the
road and we can rotate the wood same as
over the road and seal up windows so
when we can do this in dayz it's going
to be another interesting aspect of the
game and something else to keep us
occupied the ladee zombies all over the
place just get this place sealed up
so free to take a view inside the house
we can see we've got our boards on the
windows and these zombies I struggling
to break through
cannot wait to a barricade system is in
Daisy just get those blinds out of the
way what's the matter can't you get in I
hope this gives you guys a good idea of
what to expect in there Daisy barricaded
system as dean did mention it in a
recent interview from e3 2014 but it
will be similar to early access game the
dead linger which we're playing here
which is an alpha but for now peeps I'll
see you next time you can act of fuck
out